What are the classification algorithms?

1. Secession tree :
2. Random forest : divide the data set into different sets and apply the model individually.
3.Navie Bayes : it is based on Bayes theram, It assumes that the presence of any particular feature in a class 
                 Is unrelated to the presence of any other feature.
4.KNN ( K Nearest Neighber): stores all the classes and classifies need cases based on the similarity measure.

How secession tree decides where to split ?
 Gini Index  : it is the measure of impurity or (purity) used in building decession tree in CART
 Information gain : it is the decrease in entropy after a dataset is split on the basis of an attribute.
                    Constructing a decession tree is all about finding an attribute that returns highest information.
Reduction in variance: it is an algorithm used for continuous target variables(regression problems).
   The split with lower variance is selected as criteria to select the population.
ChiSquare : is an algorithm to find out statistical significance between the differences, between sub nodes and parent nodes.


What is CNN ?
 The Convolutional Newral network is a special type of network which is used for perceptions (to hear and see ).
It is used for supervised learning.
CNN is used for Imageprocessing and Natural Langage processing.

It has one input layer , one are many hidden layer and one output layer followed by sigmoid and activation function .
What is LSTM?


What is activation function?
 If we donot apply a activation function the output signal would be simple leaner function. It is a simple polinomial of one degree.

Examples : 
sigmoid
Tanh 
ReLu
LeakyReLu
SoftMax

What is backpropagation?

When there is a an error in the prediction , the output will be propagated back with a loss function. 
This process is called back propagation.
 In the back propagation the network wieights will be adjusted and propagate again.

Steps for building first Artificial Newralnetwork?

1.Data preprocessing 
2.Add a I put layer
3.Random weight init 
4.Add Hidden layers 
5.select optimizer,loss and performance metrics
6.compile the model
7.run the model.fit method to train
8.Evoluate the model
9.Adjust optimisation parameters or model if needed.

What is logistic regression?
    Based on x value find out the y value. Y = Mx + c

What is linear regression?
   Linear regression used for find out the continues values . If the we want find out the target/dependent values in certain range .

What is logistic regression?
     Used for to find out categorical values that is 0 r 1 . 

What is difference between logistic and linear regression?

Linear :  1. to find continues valribles 
2.solves regression problems, here the concept of independent and dependent variables.
3. It is straight line graph
4. It is used for predicting tomorrow temperature .
 
Logistic: to find categorical values 
2.It has discreet values . It solves classification problems .
3. It is S curve (sigmoid curve)
4. Used for predicting tomorrow rainy or not .
 Vedio link : https://youtu.be/VCJdg7YBbAQ

